Hey everyone, so
I hope you had an awesome time checking
out the app, seeing the app in action.
Maybe to play it yourself, testing it
with your device, your DragonBoard and
your phones, something like that, right?
>> Yeah, I mean as simple as it was,
it was actually very interesting and
allows you to kind of just use it
as a template, build up from there.
>> So, as a little summary of what we did,
remember we first went through the code.
So, you guys see how the SIP profile and
the SIP manager,
and maybe the SIP session, SIP auto call,
all those things interact with each other.
How incoming and outgoing calls work.
So, the simple things that
are required for a barebones VoIP app.
>> And then we went over
deploying it to the board.
So, we deployed it to the DragonBoard.
We didn't need to
actually do it ourselves.
We had a deployed version on the
DragonBoard, we had a deployed version on
our Android phone,
we had a Linphone app on our iPhone.
We just showed how we were able to
use all these different SIP VoIP
softwares to communicate with each other.
So, that was pretty cool and I hope
you've had a chance to do it at home.
Maybe give us a call, you actually have
our VolP handles now, our SIP handles.
So, yeah, we look forward to
seeing you in the next lesson,
the last lesson of this module, and
hope you had fun, so see you then.
>> Yeah.